added warning for required privileges (#88438)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/features/apis/reset-features-api.asciidoc

Return a cluster to the same state as a new installation by resetting the feature state for all {es} features. This deletes all state information stored in system indices.

> IMPORTANT: This action deletes system indices and [starting from 8.1](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/81400) system index write-access has been removed from the superuser role. So, if you are performing this action from a user with the superuser role, you need to ensure that the user has another role with the `allow_restricted_indices` set to `true` to be able to delete all system indices.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: This action deletes system indices. In {es} 8.1 and later, the superuser role doesn't have write access 
to system indices. If you execute this request as a user with the superuser role, you must have an additional role 
with the `allow_restricted_indices` set to `true` to delete all system indices.

```
